7.1 CSW 8 (M22A): Final Project Guidelines

Read these guidelines in their entirety before reading the project description.
In this project, you are asked to create a Task Management system, which can help with managing a To-do list.

For this project, you will need to submit the final project code via Gradescope.

The due dates and intermediate checkpoints are listed below.

Table of Contents
Instructions about Academic Honesty
Submission to Gradescope
Required files
Uploading / backing up to Gradescope
Due Dates
Final Submission
Late Submissions
Project requirements
Grading
Workflow
Submission checklist
Asking for help
Updates
Read these guidelines in their entirety before reading the project description.
Instructions about Academic Honesty
This project is supposed to be your own individual work. This project is open book, open notes, however, you are not allowed to ask others for help (in-person or virtually) or look things up online -- doing so constitutes plagiarism or cheating. A violation of academic integrity on the final project can result in getting an F in the entire course, since it puts into question your work throughout the quarter.
We will run an automatic similarity check, which is not easily fooled by the variable and/or whitespace changes or other modifications.

Using the material that we haven't covered in this course, which usually indicates that someone looked things up online, is also considered to be a violation.
Note that if you use online resources, someone else can be copying/modifying the resource that you decide to use, resulting in similar-looking code, which can be flagged for violation.
All students involved in an incident, regardless if they are copying or sharing their work, are going to be reported to The Office of Student Conduct.
Please complete your own work (without using resources other than your own knowledge) and keep it to yourself. You should not share your code or answers directly with other students. Reminder that we have a Regret clause listed in the syllabus.

 By submitting your final project work, you are asserting that all work on this project is yours alone, and that you will not provide any information to anyone else doing the project, nor will you solicit help from anyone in the class or on the internet. In addition, you are agreeing that you will not discuss any part of the solutions for this project with anyone. This includes discussing the solutions with others after you finish this course or posting any information about this project on any site on the internet. Doing so constitutes a violation of the academic integrity agreement for this course, which can lead to getting an F in the course. We reserve the right to change the grade retroactively, even after the final grades have been posted.
Back to top

Submission to Gradescope
Required files
You will not need to submit anything on zyBooks. You will need to submit three Python files to Gradescope.

Common Gradescope Questions: https://ucsb-csw8.github.io/m22-shereen/faq/#gradescope

Important: The files need to be in the same folder on your computer. The import statements in your code will not work correctly if the files are in different locations on your hard drive.

File 1 - all your functions
Create a file called task_functions.py in which you will assemble all the relevant functions.

You do not need to use if __name__ == 'main'` in any of your files because we can import your functions as shown below.

At the start of the other two files, you will need to import the functions as follows (task_functions is the name of our Python file/module; the asterisk * means "all/everything"):

from task_functions import *
This project's functions will need to be implemented and added to this file.

File 2 - the main program
Create a new file task_system.py, which will contain your main program. As you will place all function definitions in the task_functions.py, you can import them here, similar to the above import statement.

File 3 - test code
Create a separate file to test your work. Call it task_tests.py - this is where the assert statements will be collected to help you verify that your implementation of each function is correct.

Important: you need to run this file separately: running the main program will not execute the assert statements.
Each function that returns values will need to have the corresponding assert statements to check its correctness.

If the assert statements are failing, then the autograder on Gradescope will fail as well.
If you are getting an AssertionError, then fix the corresponding function - do not modify the assert test to pass, fix the code instead.
Write your own assert statement to make sure to test all edge cases specified in the instructions: the autograder will be verifying that those work correctly.
You will need to submit all files at the same time to Gradescope (not in zyBooks).

Uploading / backing up to Gradescope
Do not submit your Final Project via zyBooks.
The project will be automatically graded for some functions, and manually graded for functionality and style in Gradescope.
Upload the files to Gradescope all at once to the correct assignment.

If you haven't submitted anything for this assignment yet, Gradescope will prompt you to upload your files. You can either navigate to your file or "drag-and-drop" them into the "Submit Programming Assignment" window. (You can use Command+click or Ctrl+click, depending on your OS, to select multiple files at once.)
If you already submitted something on Gradescope, it will take you to their "Autograder Results" page. There is a "Resubmit" button on the bottom right that will allow you to update the files for your submission.
You can re-submit your work as many times as you would like until the deadline.

Submit the files and the function stubs as soon as you read the assignment. For instance, after you read the "Read" option, complete all the function stubs, assert statements, and main program stubs in the respective files and submit them on Gradescope.
Make sure to periodically backup your work by submitting it to Gradescope, so that in an unexpected event, we can use your backup, instead of giving you a 0 for a missing submission.
We will only grade the latest Gradescope submission.
Back to top

Due Dates
The following components will count in your final project grade as follows:

100% - Final submission grade
Final Submission: due Thursday, July 28 before 11:59 PM.
The Final Project assignment will open up on Gradescope by the end of week 4.

There will be a separate Gradescope submission for the extra credit implementation that is due at the same time as the final project. You will need to add your optional, extra credit functions to the file extra_credit.py and submit it together with your final project files. Remember that you will need to import extra_credit in order for those functions to work correctly in the main program as well as for assert statements. For the extra credit submission, you need to submit 4 files, task_fuctions.py, task_system.py, task_tests.py, and extra_credit.py

Late Submissions
We will not accept any late submissions. This is a hard rule to ensure that we can grade the submissions in a timely manner and submit the final grades before the university deadline. However, in extreme cases, with the correct official documentation, we will grant an extension for one day, in only emergency cases with official documents reasoning the need for the extensions. If you receive this extension, you will have until Friday, July 29th before 11:59 PM to submit the necessary files on Gradescope.

Please plan accordingly to make sure that travel, Internet or electricity outages, or any other unexpected circumstances or events will not have a severe effect on your submission.
start early and backup your work on Gradescope periodically.
Back to top

Project requirements
Programs that have syntax errors in the file will not receive any credit.

⚠️ Test your code for syntax errors before making a final submission.
Run it in an IDE each time you make even the smallest change: remember that even an extra space can cause an error in Python.
It is better for you to submit a partially working program than one that has syntax errors. We will not be modifying/correcting your code.
You are not allowed to use external libraries for this assignment except where specified in the instructions. Your project might fail because of an unrecognized import (this includes libraries that we have not used in this class). Do not import anything unless the project specifically requests it.

Do not create new functions or change the requested functions' names and/or the parameters, since you may lose points from the rubric set in Gradescope.

You must correctly and appropriately comment your code to clearly explain your solution.

Every function should include an appropriate, informative docstring that is included immediately underneath the function signature. You will be graded on the presence and quality of your documentation.
Include more extensive comments for the parts that you found harder to code.
There shouldn't be any pass or TODO or FIXME comments left in your code.
Back to top

Grading
Your project will be automatically graded on Gradescope for the presence and naming of required files, functions, inclusion of docstrings, correct return values, etc. The autograder score will be the majority of the project grade.
If there are no syntax errors, we will manually grade the final project by checking the correct code style (we will be checking the PEP 8 guidelines).
If your project fails due to syntax errors, we will not manually grade it, automatically assigning it a 0 for the manual score. ⚠️ Test your code for syntax errors before making a final submission.
Back to top

Workflow
As you are reading project instructions, each time you come across an edge case or a specific value that you need to check/test, immediately add an assert statement to your test file. Add a comment above it to remind you what part of the instructions you are testing.

We highly recommend developing your code incrementally: as soon as you add an option or a new condition, immediately run your code to verify that it works as intended.

Use the assert statements to check that your code returns the expected value and is of a correct type. Use it especially to test the edge cases (e.g., when to return -1 or 0, what to do when the input is empty).

We highly encourage you to add your own tests to check each function specification and to verify the correctness of your implementation.

If you see an AssertionError, check the line number that the error message pointed to. In IDLE, you can select the "Show Line Numbers" option from the top "Options" menu.

Back to top

Submission checklist
Long before each checkpoint deadline, walk through these steps:

run your files to ensure that they are free from syntax errors.
verify that the function names are correct - check them again.
check that each function has a proper docstring directly underneath each function signature
make sure that the main program only has the necessary import
check all default values! We will test that you are using them.
be sure that you test for the invalid 'arguments'/'input values' in each function (use the assert statements).
submit all properly-named Python files to Gradescope
submit the final reflection via the provided link
Back to top

Asking for help
This assignment is supposed to be like an exam in that it is supposed to test your knowledge and understanding of the course material, so it is supposed to be your own work. Make sure that you read and follow the instructions carefully.

We welcome project-related questions during office hours!
On Piazza, questions or clarifications need to be made as a public post.
Posts have to follow the forum guidelines - no publicly shared code/solutions! Violation of the forum guidelines can result in a deduction of 10% of your grade.
Don’t post images - makes searching impossible; hard to debug.
If necessary, post a short, self-contained snippet to reproduce the error: follow the style/examples given in the Debugging Guide
Use informative titles for your posts! Instead of a bunch of “LAB X.Y” posts, add the explanation (LA 11.3 - Output mismatch)
A good type of post to have is to ask whether a specific assert that you wrote is correct based on what the instructions are saying.
Do not email the mentors directly - doing so can result in a deduction of 20% of your grade.
Make sure to submit your code to Gradescope before posting something on the forum (if necessary, we can load your submission for reference).
If you are asking a question (either during TA office hours or on piazza) that is too open-ended, we cannot guarantee that we can provide you with a hint. We will try and give you as much help as we can, but in the end, we cannot provide any solutions to you - this project is supposed to be your own work.

Updates
If there are any updates to either the project description or these guidelines, they will be posted below (remember to refresh zyBook pages to see the updates):

Initial draft of the instructions released on Friday, July 15.