Read these guidelines in their entirety before implementing anything.
CSW8 Learning Goals
The main aim of this project is to create a to-do list management system.

You need to incorporate code from multiple files to implement an interactive program, which you can use to collect and create data needed to store user tasks.

This project is intended to be implemented in an IDE, which will allow you to run your code interactively. You will need to create several files in order to implement and test your functions as well as to run your main program.

The “Getting Started” section shows you the steps to modify the Main Program (Template) so that within 15-20 minutes, you should be able to have a fully running skeleton of the system.

Table of Contents
Submission Requirements
Introduction
Main Menu
Main Program (Template)
Getting Started
Create the test file
Introduction
You will implement the following features for this system:

Create an interface that allows the users to interact with the system (will use while True and input() to collect user data).
Create a collection to store task information that the users can view and maintain by adding and updating entries.
Allow the user to save the state of the system by saving the information to a file and retrieving details from it.
Back to top

Main Menu
IMPORTANT: Do NOT use any global variables.

In your main program, you need to define a dictionary the_menu that has the options shown below.

    "L" : "List"
    "A" : "Add"
    "U" : "Update"
    "D" : "Delete"
    "S" : "Save the data to file"
    "R" : "Restore data from file"
    "Q" : "Quit this program"

The menu should be printed by the print_main_menu() function when the user starts this system. Your task is to write the function print_main_menu() in task_functions.py. The function accepts a dictionary of keys-options like the one shown above and prints the menu options stored in that dictionary in an easy-to-read format like below:

Example
Given the menu with the following options as mentioned above, the call to print_main_menu(main_menu) will output:

==========================
What would you like to do?
L - List
A - Add
U - Update
D - Delete
S - Save the data
R - Restore data from file
Q - Quit this program
==========================

The print_main_menu() function does not return anything, it just prints the correctly-formatted options that are provided in the dictionary. Make sure you do not hard-code the menu options in your functions - the options need to be retrieved from the dictionary provided as a parameter to the function. You can use the following template to complete the function:

def print_main_menu(menu):
    """
    Given a dictionary with the menu,
    prints the keys and values as the
    formatted options.
    Adds additional prints for decoration
    and outputs a question
    "What would you like to do?"
    """
    print("==========================")
    print("What would you like to do?")
    # TODO: Loop-over the dictionary `menu`
    # to print the keys and options
    print("==========================")
Back to top

Main Program (Template)
Use the following starter code to implement the main loop for your program:

# TODO 0: add an import statement to load the functions

the_menu = {} # TODO 1: add the options from the instructions
opt = None

while True:
    # print_main_menu(...) # TODO 2: define the function, uncomment, and call with the menu as an argument
    opt = input("::: Enter a menu option\n> ")
    opt = opt.upper() # to allow us to input lower- or upper-case letters

    if ...: # TODO 3: check of the character stored in opt is in the_menu dictionary
        print(f"WARNING: {opt} is an invalid menu option.\n")
        continue

    print(f"You selected option {opt} to > {the_menu[opt]}.")

    if opt == ...: # TODO 4: quit the program
        print("Goodbye!\n")
        break # exit the main `while` loop

    # Pause before going back to the main menu
    input("::: Press Enter to continue")

print("Have a nice day!")
Back to top

Important: Every time you see the ::: and > in the prompts, it denotes the call to the input() function as shown in the starter code. After the "::: Press Enter to continue" prompt is displayed and the user presses Enter, the system is set up to print the main menu at the start of the loop.

Back to top

Getting Started
Create the requested Python files.
Copy the above template into your main program file.
Upload the files to Gradescope to ensure the names are correct. You will need to submit all files at the same time to Gradescope (not in zyBooks).
Address the TODO comments in the code (including adding the print_main_menu() to the task_functions.py)
Now, you are ready to create the if/elif branches to call the functions for the various menu options. In the rest of the instructions, you will get to implement the rest of the options, define the needed functions, and call them (remember to remove the TODO comments!).

Back to top

Create the test file
For each function that returns something in the task_functions.py file, you should add the corresponding assert statements to the task_tests.py.

For now, since the next steps will rely on it:

add the get_written_date() function implementation from LAB 4.21 to the task_functions.py
add the assert statements to check the function correctness in your test file
If you see an AssertionError, check the line number that the error message pointed to. In IDLE, you can select the "Show Line Numbers" option from the top "Options" menu. (Other IDLE tips.)

Pro Tip: As you are reading the instructions, immediately begin adding the assert statements.

test various conditions, especially, the edge cases
copy into comment the part of the instructions that the assert is supposed to test