7.4 "Add" menu option
Add the following branch to your main program; replace the ellipses with the appropriate values:

    elif opt == 'A':
        continue_action = 'y'
        while continue_action == 'y':
            print("::: Enter each required field, separated by commas.")
            print("::: name, info, priority, MM/DD/YYYY, is task done? (yes/no)")
            ... = input("> ") # TODO: get and process the data into a list
            ...
            result = get_new_task(...) # TODO: attempt to create a new task
            if type(result) == dict:
                ... # TODO: add a new task to the list of tasks
                print(f"Successfully added a new task!")
                print_task(result, ...)
            elif type(result) == int:
                print(f"WARNING: invalid number of fields!")
                print(f"You provided {result}, instead of the expected 5.\n")
            else:
                print(f"WARNING: invalid task field: {result}\n")

            print("::: Would you like to add another task?", end=" ")
            continue_action = input("Enter 'y' to continue.\n> ")
            continue_action = continue_action.lower()
            # ----------------------------------------------------------------

In your functions file, define get_new_task() that takes two parameters: a list and a dictionary (see more details below).

def get_new_task(..., ...):
    """
    Document the function correctly
    """

The function returns different types of values, depending on whether it succeeds or fails.

The function expects the first parameter to be a list with 5 strings.

If the size of the list is not correct, then the function returns the integer size of the provided list. E.g., calling get_new_task() with an empty list as its first argument should return 0 and so on.
If any of the elements on the list are not of type string, the get_new_task() returns a tuple with ("type", <value>), where the <value> is substituted with the first corresponding value from the list that was not a string.

Each validation function will also be in charge of validating that its input parameter (the item from the list) is of the correct type (just in case it is called separately).

If the size of the list is correct, the function calls the helper functions to validate the fields.

If the validation succeeds, returns a new dictionary with the task keys set to the provided parameters (stripped of whitespace and converted to the proper type, if necessary).

If any of the validation functions fail, return a tuple with the name of the parameter and the corresponding value/parameter that caused it to fail.

The first input parameter is a list of all needed task components/values stored as strings: * the order of the fields is name, info, priority, date, task completion (is the task done? yes/no) * example valid input list might look like ['Book tickets', 'Verify dates', '3', '05/05/2022', 'no'] * if the provided field values are valid, return a new dictionary:

{
    "name": ...,
    "info": ...,
    "priority": ...,
    "duedate": ...,
    "done": ...
}

The second parameter to get_new_task() is a dictionary that contains the mapping between the integer priority value (key) to its representation (e.g., key 1 might map to the priority value "Highest" or "Lowest" - do not hard-code these values in the function!)

    # using the default priority_scale
    sample_task_list = ['Book tickets', 'Verify dates', '3', '05/05/2022', 'no']
    expected_result = {'name': 'Book tickets', 'info': 'Verify dates', 'priority': 3, 'duedate': '05/05/2022', 'done': 'no'}
    assert get_new_task(sample_task_list , priority_scale) == expected_result

Our main program always receives the values from the user as strings, so in order to verify that the get_new_task() function can correctly return a tuple with the invalid type/value, we need to "manually" test this function. For example,

    new_task_list = ["Destroy the ring", "Go to Mount Doom and throw it in", "5", "03/25/3019", "yes"]
    new_task_list_fail_name = new_task_list[:]
    new_task_list_fail_name[0] = 42
    assert get_new_task(new_task_list_fail_name, priority_scale) == ("type", 42)
    new_task_list_fail_name[0] = ("hello", "world")
    assert get_new_task(new_task_list_fail_name, priority_scale) == ("type", ("hello", "world"))

    new_task_list_fail_date = new_task_list[:]
    new_task_list_fail_date[3] = 20
    assert get_new_task(new_task_list_fail_date, priority_scale) == ("type", 20)
    new_task_list_fail_date[3] = ("hello", "world")
    assert get_new_task(new_task_list_fail_date, priority_scale) == ("type", ("hello", "world"))

Note that get_new_task() relies on a lot of helper functions that validate the different task fields. The helper functions will need to be added first, before defining them. ⚠️ Pay close attention to the number of parameters and their types: each validation function first checks that the input parameters are of the correct type. Make sure that you use the type() function!

define is_valid_name() that takes as input a string that is supposed to contain between 3 and 25 characters (inclusive of both)
returns a Boolean True if the text is of the valid length; False, otherwise
the "info" field can be empty and has no specific requirements, so we do not need to validate it.

def is_valid_priority():
    '''
    parameters:
    a string that is expected to contain an integer priority value (uses str.isdigit());
    gets validated against the keys in the dictionary, provided as the second parameter
    a dictionary that contains the mapping between the integer priority value (key) to
    its representation (e.g., key 1 might map to the priority value "Highest" or "Lowest")
    returns: a Boolean True if the text contains an integer value that maps to a key in the provided
    dictionary; False, otherwise
    '''

def is_valid_date():
    '''
    takes as input a string that is expected to contain a date in the U.S. format (MM/DD/YYYY)
    validates each of the date components - call the date component validation functions from LA 4.22
    '''

def is_valid_completion():
    '''
    takes as input a string that is expected to contain a text "yes" or "no"
    returns a Boolean True if it's a text with the valid value; False, otherwise
    Make sure that your assert statements correctly check the types and the values.
    '''

For example:
    priority_scale = {11: "The one and only"}
    assert is_valid_priority('11', priority_scale) == True
    assert is_valid_priority(11, priority_scale) == False

    # using an existing new_task_list
    new_task_list_fail_completion = new_task_list[:]
    new_task_list_fail_completion[4] = "Yes" # ensure case sensitive
    assert get_new_task(new_task_list_fail_completion, priority_scale) == ("done", "Yes")

Sample Program Flow
Below is a demo of adding the incorrect task values to check each validation step, until the correct task info is formed (note the empty "info" field):

You selected option A to > Add.
::: Enter each required field, separated by commas.
::: name, info, priority, MM/DD/YYYY, is task done? (yes/no)
> ,,,,
WARNING: invalid task field: ('name', '')

::: Would you like to add another task? Enter 'y' to continue.
> y
::: Enter each required field, separated by commas.
::: name, info, priority, MM/DD/YYYY, is task done? (yes/no)
> implement get_new_task(),,,,
WARNING: invalid task field: ('priority', '')

::: ...
> implement get_new_task(),, 5,,
WARNING: invalid task field: ('duedate', '')

::: ...
> implement get_new_task(),, 5, 6/1/22,
WARNING: invalid task field: ('duedate', '6/1/22')

::: ...
> implement get_new_task(),, 5, 6/1/2022,
WARNING: invalid task field: ('done', '')

> implement get_new_task(),, 5, 6/1/2022, y
WARNING: invalid task field: ('done', 'y')

> implement get_new_task(),, 5, 6/1/2022, no
Successfully added a new task!
implement get_new_task()
  * Due: June 1, 2022  (Priority: Highest)
  * Completed? no
::: Would you like to add another task? Enter 'y' to continue.
>