7.7 "Restore" menu option
For this option, you'll be implementing a new function, load_tasks_from_csv(). This function

reads data from a csv file, one line at a time
validates it by trying to create a task
stores that data into the list of tasks.
 Advice: If you have trouble with your load_tasks_from_csv(), we recommend reviewing Section 5.18, and 5.20 on zyBooks.
To implement your function, you must import csv in the task_functions.py file. For more information, refer to zyBooks section 5.18.

The template for load_tasks_from_csv() is provided below.

def load_tasks_from_csv(filename, in_list, priority_map):
    """
    param: filename (str) - A string variable that represents the
            name of the file from which to read the contents.
    param: in_list (list) - A list of task dictionary objects to which
            the tasks read from the provided filename is appended.
            If in_list is not empty, the existing tasks are not dropped.
    param: priority_map (dict) - a dictionary that contains the mapping
            between the integer priority value (key) to its representation
            (e.g., key 1 might map to the priority value "Highest" or "Low")
            Needed by the helper function.

    The function ensures that the last 4 characters of the filename are '.csv'.
    The function requires the `import csv` and `import os`.

    If the file exists, the function will use the `with` statement to open the
    `filename` in "read" mode. For each row in the csv file, the function will
    proceed to create a new task using the `get_new_task()` function.
    - If the function `get_new_task()` returns a valid task object,
    it gets appended to the end of the `in_list`.
    - If the `get_new_task()` function returns an error, the 1-based
    row index gets recorded and added to the NEW list that is returned.
    E.g., if the file has a single row, and that row has invalid task data,
    the function would return [1] to indicate that the first row caused an
    error; in this case, the `in_list` would not be modified.
    If there is more than one invalid row, they get excluded from the
    in_list and their indices will be appended to the new list that's
    returned.

    returns:
    * -1, if the last 4 characters in `filename` are not '.csv'
    * None, if `filename` does not exist.
    * A new empty list, if the entire file is successfully read from `in_list`.
    * A list that records the 1-based index of invalid rows detected when
      calling get_new_task().

    Helper functions:
    - get_new_task()
    """

Sample task files
Below are the contents of the files that are used in the sample program flow below. Make sure that there are no empty lines, otherwise, that row is counted as invalid.

missing-date.csv

Finish CSW8 LAs,Finish LA 10 to prepare for the final project,5,,no
combined.csv

Finish CSW8 LAs,Finish LA 10 to prepare for the final project,5,06/02/2022,no
,Finish LA 10 to prepare for the final project,5,06/02/2022,no
duplicate task,,5,06/02/2022,no
Finish CSW8 LAs,Finish LA 10 to prepare for the final project,,06/02/2022,no
Finish CSW8 LAs,Finish LA 10 to prepare for the final project,5,m/d/y,no
Finish CSW8 LAs,Finish LA 10 to prepare for the final project,5,06/02/2022,nope
single-task.csv

Finish CSW8 LAs,Finish LA 10 to prepare for the final project,5,06/02/2022,no
Sample Program Walkthrough
The corresponding code for the main program is similar to the one for the option S(next chapter). Your task to figure out what to add using the following user interactions. As always, the ellipses are NOT part of the code.

...
You selected option R to > Restore data from file.
::: Enter the filename ending with '.csv'.
> test.csv
WARNING: |test.csv| was not found!
::: Would you like to try again? Enter 'y' to try again.
> y
::: Enter the filename ending with '.csv'.
> missing-date.csv
WARNING: |missing-date.csv| contains invalid data!
The following rows from the file were not loaded:
[1]
::: Would you like to load another file? Enter 'y' to try again.
> y
::: Enter the filename ending with '.csv'.
> combined.csv
WARNING: |combined.csv| contains invalid data!
The following rows from the file were not loaded:
[2, 4, 5, 6]
::: Would you like to load another file? Enter 'y' to try again.
> y
::: Enter the filename ending with '.csv'.
> single-task.csv
Successfully stored all tasks to |single-task.csv|
::: Press Enter to continue
...
NOTE: If your Save the data to file option is working correctly, the file you wrote into using that option should work perfectly with this option and your entire task information should be loaded properly.