7.9 Extra credit ^_^
Make sure that you submit your extra credit file into a separate assignment - do not include the extra credit options in your main program. Check the submission guidelines.

Option *: Your own option (Optional Extra Credit)
Once you are done implementing all functions, if you have ideas for what other functionality you would like to implement, then add the optional last menu option *. Make sure to provide good documentation in your code and clear instructions for the user about what to do / what should happen.

Just like with the print_sorted_tasks() option, the amount of extra credit might vary based on the usefulness of the added functionality and the quality of your implementation and documentation. Do not work on the extra credit instead of the main project components.

Have fun and be creative!

Print sorted tasks
Alternatively, or in addition to the option *, figure out how to create a new list with the necessary tasks, which is sorted in the specified order by the provided field.

Add the ability to display incomplete tasks, sorted by either priority or deadline.

list_menu = {
    "A": "all tasks",
    "C": "completed tasks",
    "I": "incomplete tasks",
    "P": "incomplete tasks, sorted by priority",
    "D": "incomplete tasks, sorted by deadline"
}
Define the function print_sorted_tasks() that can be called appropriately from the main menu, depending on the user selection.

def print_sorted_tasks(task_list, name_only = False, show_idx = False, start_idx = 0, 
                sortby = "duedate", order = "asc"):
    """
    param: task_list (list) - a list containing dictionaries with
            the task data
    param: name_only (Boolean) - by default, set to False.
            If True, then only the name of the task is printed.
            Otherwise, displays the formatted task fields.
            Passed as an argument into the helper function.
    param: show_idx (Boolean) - by default, set to False.
            If False, then the index of the task is not displayed.
            Otherwise, displays the "{idx + start_idx}." before the
            task name.
    param: start_idx (int) - by default, set to 0;
            an expected starting value for idx that
            gets displayed for the first task, if show_idx is True.
    param: sortby (str) - by default, set to "duedate".
            By default, prints the incomplete tasks, displaying
            the raw "sortby" field first.
    param: order (str) - by default, set to "asc" (ascending).
            By default, prints the incomplete tasks, displaying
            the priority from the lowest to the highest keys.

    returns: the new sorted list (the original task_list is unmodified)
    """
The field that the sort uses should be displayed first. For example, when sorting in ascending order by the due date and name_only = True:

You selected option L to > List.
::: What would you like to list?
A - all tasks
C - completed tasks
I - incomplete tasks
P - incomplete tasks, sorted by priority
D - incomplete tasks, sorted by deadline
::: Enter your selection
> d
You selected |D| to list |incomplete tasks, sorted by deadline|.
------------------------------------------
06/02/2022 - Finish checkpoint 1 for CSW8
06/05/2022 - Finish checkpoint 2 for CSW8